Extend CIP-0001 to cover internationalized content (#542)
cardano-foundation/CIPs: CIP-0001/README.md

```

##### Translations

While CIPs are mainly technical documents meant to be read primarily by developers -- and thus often written in English; some may be translated into various languages to increase their outreach. Any file in a CIP folder may also include translated content satisfying the following rules:

- Any translated file shall share a common basename with its original source.

- Translation file basenames must have a suffix using an [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes) language code, separated by a dot `.` character. (e.g. `README.fr.md`).

- When no language code is provided as suffix, the default language for the document is assumed to be English (UK/US).

- Translated CIPs (i.e. `README` files), must not include the original preamble. They must, however, include the following preamble as yaml frontmatter data:

Field          | Description
---            | ---

> `Source`       | A link to the original CIP document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Source`       | The canonical GitHub link to the original CIP document
```
I believe we need to say "canonical" because links to `README.md` files are often supplied by giving the containing folder (as often done for CIPs themselves).  Only the canonical `README.md` link will have a corresponding list of commit hashes for the `Revision` field.

Likewise (as I mentioned at the meeting), if we combine `Source` and `Revision` into a single link to the commit hash, then the more naive GitHub visitors might not be able to follow the UI to the original document.

> `Source`       | The canonical GitHub link to the original CIP document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CIP`          | The CIP number (without leading 0)
`Source`       | The canonical GitHub link to the original CIP document
```
To match (mostly) https://github.com/cardano-foundation/CIPs/blob/master/CIP-0001/README.md#header-preamble
